docs: Fixing text for DEEPX brand rules & guidlines (#24535)
ultralytics/ultralytics: docs/en/integrations/deepx.md

| [OBB Detection](https://docs.ultralytics.com/tasks/obb/)       | ✅        |
| [Classification](https://docs.ultralytics.com/tasks/classify/) | ✅        |

## Export to DEEPX: Converting Your YOLO Model

Export an Ultralytics YOLO model to DEEPX format and run inference with the exported model.

!!! note

>     DEEPX export is only supported on x86-64 Linux machines. ARM64 (aarch64) is not supported for the export step. However, the exported dxnn models are fully compatible and executable on ARM64 platforms.

Reviewer: 💡 **MEDIUM**: This broadens compatibility to any ARM64 platform, but later in the page the runtime is still described as Linux-only. As written, this can be read as supporting non-Linux ARM64 targets as well. Narrowing this to ARM64 Linux keeps the export/runtime guidance consistent.

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
    DEEPX export is only supported on x86-64 Linux machines. ARM64 (aarch64) is not supported for the export step. However, the exported dxnn models are fully compatible and executable on ARM64 Linux platforms.
```

Reviewer 2: @deepx-dgkim This should be ARM64 Linux right?

!!! note

>     `dxtron` is available for both x86-64 and aarch64 platforms.

Reviewer: ⚠️ **HIGH**: This conflicts with the installation guidance immediately above, which only documents an `amd64` package and explicitly says to install `dxtron` on x86-64 Linux. Without separate ARM64 install steps or package details, this note will send aarch64 users down a dead end.

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
    `dxtron` is only available for **x86-64 Linux**. ARM64/aarch64 and non-Linux platforms are not supported.
```

Reviewer 2: @deepx-dgkim Here you mentioned `dxtron` is supported by `aarch64`. However, the above .deb is targeted only towards x86 systems.
```
https://sdk.deepx.ai/release/dxtron/v2.0.1/dxtron_2.0.1_amd64.deb
```
